week1
Group formed. We decided readrecommend become our project. 
I and YangYu Gao and YaoDong Wang are responsible for front-end development. 
We decide to use js, Vue framework to build the user interface. 
In the the next week, we plan to complete part of the Proposal, and i plan to find learning materials about Vue.

week2
I and YangYu Gao and YaoDong Wang discussed the general functionality to be implemented on each page and completed the System Flow section. 
After discussion, we determined the rest of the Proposal that everyone would write. 
We will finish the Proposal next week. The front group has also started to write the login screen.

week3
We completed the proposal.
I was mainly responsible for the background part and the part of “out of scope”. 
And i made a small modification of system-flow at the same time. 
As the knowledge about Vue is not comprehensive enough, I will mainly learn Vue related things and start coding next week.

week4
I finished the front-end functions of the login and registration interface. 
And I will continue to improve the page next week.

week5
I have realized the interaction between the login and registration pages and the back-end connection. 
Next week, I plan to complete the page of my personal homepage.

week6
This week, I wrote the layout interface of some personal information. 
Next week, I will continue to complete the interface and try to realize the connection with the back end and get data from the back end.

week7
The front end layout of the personal center page has been completed, and the interaction with the back end has also been completed. 
Changed the way the data is stored so that users do not have to log in again after closing the page and reopening it.
The collection part will be completed next week.

week8
Added the ability to display user collection on the personal center page. 
The ability to display history completion goals will be completed next week

week9
Complete the basic functions. Complete the layout and some details. 

week10
Complete all the tasks, as well as the presentation.
