/**  Project Diary for Yangyu GAO  **/
-- Week 1 2020/06/07 Sunday --
This is the first week of the semester 2, we create a group and named it Orchid Malevolence, an insignificant name but sounds cool for me. 

Our group have 5 members, all of us are from China, which means we do not have problem in communication. 

Before the tutorial, we met together online and try to filter some projects which we really want to avoid. Then we prepared some questions to ask during the tutorial time.

We all choose friday's tutorial, Xin Li made a great tutorial class and told us to make a decision on which topic to choose, and vote a scrum master. By discussing for a while, we finally choose ReadRecommend as our project subject. After that, we voted Yuwei Zhuge as our scrum master.


After the tutorial, I create a github repository, and invite all my group members. In addition, I create a Jira project by following the document in webcms3.

On Saturday, I read the requirement very carefully and transfered the document into ordering informations. Then I provided this document to my partners. Then we met online and talked about next weeks's plan. We are going to draw the system flow chart through the requirement.

Finnaly, my job is to do the front end, and we finally decide to use Vue as our front end language. So I have started to learn Vue this week.

-- Week2  2020/06/14  Sunday --
In the second week, all of us join the given github team, so I transfer our origin github repo to the current repo. 
In addition, we meet together and have a specific tasks about proposal for every one to do in the next week. 
The proposal is supposed to write in Microsoft Word Document and then alter the format to Latex. Yuwei Zhuge, 
Changlu Ma and me will write Background, User stories and Sprints part. Finnally, at the end of the week, 
I am trying to make a small demo about login and sign up page, by using Vue.


-- Week3  2020/06/21  Sunday --
In this week, I mainly focus on the proposal. Firstly, I am response to finish all the user stories, and create a priority queue of all tasks base on the user stories. 
In addition, I aggregate all parts from other members into overleaf, cause LaTeX gives a greate format in  this situation. 
Moreover, all the user stories are added in Jira and the screenshots have been insert in the proplsa following the criteria. 
Finnally, I start to write frontend code including HTML, CSS and Vue.js.


-- Week4 2020/06/28  Sunday --
In this week, I am going to design a prototype of the main page of the website. Firstly design the prototype by draw diagrams through processon.com.
The first page is before login, it shows less functions but larger vision. The second page is the main page after login, it shows more functions due to the requirement.
Moreover, I learnt how to use vue-cli and using route to design a initial version main page before login.


-- Week5 2020/07/05  Sunday --
In the 5th week, I created a homepage with some basic functions. I make a script to judge whether the user is login or not, and show with different status in the navigator bar. 
On the other hand, I try to link the homepage's login & register buttons with the login page and register page. 
After log into the website with account name and password, the login button will change to logout button, click to logout.
In the next week, I decide to finish the homepage include the before login and after login status.

-- Week6 2020/07/12  Sunday --
In this week, I am writting the homepage after login. The layout are changed, and the footer of the homapage is changed that it will always locate in the bottom of the page.

In addition, I create a goal part and a collection part in the homepage.

In the next week, I decide to finish the homepage and start to write collection page to seek what does user read.

-- Week7 2020/07/19  Sunday --
This week, the homepage's functions are almost finished, including set goal, view books in a specific
collection, and header's button. The most difficult part is the view book part, which cost me a lot of 
time.

In the next week, I will create a recommand page to show the recommand result of the user. In addition, 
the CSS should be changed as the homepage only complete the functions but not the outlook.

-- Week8 2020/07/26  Sunday --
This week, all the homepage has been finished. I optimize the layout of the homepage, and change the mainpage's book reccomendation in the before login view.

Some bugs in set goal part has been fixed. In the next week, I will complete the recommendation part.
And finish all the layout and css.


-- Week9 2020/08/02  Sunday --
This week, I finish all my parts including homepage and recommend system page, all the functionalities 
are completed. The recommend part returns two different type of results which depend on two main factors.

Next week, I will continue to improve the user experience of the website, and fix the css layout.

-- Week10 2020/08/07  Friday --
This week, all of the functions are completed. Then I write the final report and prepare to do the presentation in Friday morning.

I was reponsed to do the showing screen job, and presentation the homepage and register part.
